we work for a highly funded yet
unofficial government agency we'll take
it from here
well the hell are you I own s Division
six there is no division six our mission
is to monitor extraterrestrial activity
on earth get some coffee or some coffee
no thank you I'm fine now on you will
have no identifying marks of any kind
we're no longer part of the system we
are them damn in black you know what the
difference is between you and me I make
this look good series 4d atomizer that's
what I'm talking about
noisy crickets like I'm gonna break this
damn thing
unlimited technology from the whole
universe and we cruise around in a Ford
POS fasten your seat belt see now we got
to work when you have people skills
Columbia Pictures and Amblin
entertainment present I knew it this is
an alien and you guys are from some
government agency trying to keep it
under wraps I'm gonna count to three
he'll do it geez one I'm telling you
that man does not look stable who's
always crazy when you get a massage I
think of any idea Will Smith
the hell are you worlds can end in a new
film the director of The Addams Family
and Geordi
men in black protecting the earth from
the scum of the universe how to use
these things no idea whatsoever
[Music]